2014.4:
 * Version 8.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Supported 7-series Automotive and Defense-grade parts moved to production status
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time

2014.3:
 * Version 8.3
 * MDIO interface made optional. Updated GUI to enable this feature. The XDC files for Block level, Clocks and Example Design have been modified to remove references to MDIO design elements when the MDIO Interface is not enabled
 * Fixed bug in MDIO read operation which was observed when the MDIO read data register is accessed immediately after the completion of MDIO read cycle
 * Fixed simulation fatal error bug which was observed when the Half Duplex Statistics counters are read when the core is generated with no Half Duplex support
 * Fixed bugs in PFC frame transmission and reception at 10/100 Mpbs line-rates.
 * Logic optimizations when the core is generated without Address Filters. Consequently updated Clock XDC file to remove set_false_path constraints which refer to objects in the optimized logic, in absence of Address Filter
 * In AXI-Lite slave attachment module, connected the AXI-Lite reset to the watchdog timer counter module to prevent propagation of Simulation Xs on the AXI-Lite Bus
 * In Clocks XDC file, the false path constraint between CPU clock and registers has been re-written to make it path-specific. As this new constraint does not refer to any clocks, it has been moved to the Block XDC file
 * Updated the Clocks XDC file to remove constraints which do not refer to the any clocks. These constraints have been moved to the Block XDC file
 * Updated the Clocks XDC file, for GMII and RGMII modes, to append the clock names used in create/genarate clock constraints with instance name to make them unique. This will stop the constraints from being overwritten when multiple instances of core are used
 * Updated the Example Design XDC file, for Internal mode, to fix Vivado Timing DRC violations. AXI-Lite clock is defined using get_clocks rather than create_clocks
 * Updated the Example Design XDC file, for non GMII TriSpeed modes, to fix Vivado Timing DRC violaitons. Removed false path constraints which are already covered by the clock grouping constraint between GTX and MII clocks
 * Updated the Block level XDC file, for non GMII TriSpeed modes, to fix Vivado Timing DRC violaitons. Removed false path constraints which are already covered by the clock grouping constraint between GTX and MII clocks
 * Updated the Block level XDC file, for GMII and RGMII modes, to add a set_false_path constraint to input of reset synchronizer module
 * Updating core to use utils.tcl needed for board flow from common location
 * For UltraScale devices in GMII mode - The flops used to clock-in the RX data/control are placed in the Fabric. This is done to overcome tool limitations in meeting HOLD timing rquirements at the IOBs. Updated the Block XDC file to force the flops into fabric
 * For UltraScale devices in GMII mode - The HOLD timing requirement is relaxed on the RX and TX Interfaces. This is done to overcome tool limitations in meeting HOLD timing rquirements at the IOBs. Updated the Clocks XDC file
 * For UltraScale devices in RGMII mode - The cumulative delay on the RGMII TXC output pin, which is achieved by cascading ODELAY-IDELAY elements, has been reduced to 1 ns, as additional dealy is introduced on this path by various elements in the IOBs
 * For UltraScale devices in RGMII mode - The Setup and HOLD timing requirement is relaxed on the RX and TX Interfaces. The input delay value on the RX inputs is increased to 800 ns. This is done in order to overcome tool limitations in meeting HOLD timing rquirements at the IOBs. Updated the Clocks XDC file

2014.2:
 * Version 8.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Updated false path constraint for the path - bus2ip_addr_int_reg to gtx_clk, in <compname>_clocks XDC file, to fix the critical warning for the case in which the source register, bus2ip_addr_int_reg, was getting renamed to bus2ip_int_reg_rep, post-synthesis

2014.1:
 * Version 8.2
 * Added Priority Flow Control (PFC) support
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * Netlists created by write_verilog and write_vhdl are IEEE P1735 encrypted, with keys for supported simulators so that netlist simulation can still be done
 * Enable third party synthesis tools to read encrypted netlists (but not source HDL)
 * Virtex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * Increased the number of configurable filters to 16
 * Fixed bug in the UltraScale RGMII Transmitter logic which prevented the tx error signal from MAC from being propogated to RGMII TX_CTL output
 * Enabled cascading of ODELAYE3 for RGMII TXC output for UltraScale devices
 * Added set_false_path constraint to input of recently added reset synchornizer
 * For Zynq device 7z010, the IO-Standard and Pin-Location constraints are not generated in the example design XDC
 * Modified Block XDC constraints to use get_pins instead of get_nets for multicycle paths through MDIO, MDC
 * In example design, added the missing after clause for signal assignment
 * In example design, corrected vector widths in conditional expression

2013.4:
 * Version 8.1
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support.
 * Full support for Synopsys VCS simulator.
 * Refactored the encrypted HDL to remove a level of design hierarchy and updated all core level XDC constraints where appropriate.  Most customer designs will not be creating XDC constraints which target logic within this core and so will be unaffected by this change.
 * Removed all generic parameters that passed through the readable HDL hierarchy of the core.  Generic parameters now only appear on the instantiation of the top level of the encrypted HDL portion of the core.
 * A new example design XDC file is provided to show customers how to override default XDC settings provided by the core itself for setup and hold timing adjustment of the selected physical interface.  This additional example XDC file is named <component_name>_user_phytiming.xdc
 * Added clock buffer information to the clocks defined in the out of context XDC file to support hierarchical design flows.
 * Added clock constraints for refclk, the IDELAYCTRL reference clock, to the out of context XDC for applicable permutations.

2013.3:
 * Version 8.0
 * Added Pre-Production support for 7-series Automotive and Defense-grade parts.
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude shareable logic resources in the core. Please refer to the Product Guide for information and port changes.
 * The MII now uses regional (BUFR) clock buffers instead of global (BUFG).
 * The GUI now defaults to the full duplex only option rather than full and half duplex support.
 * The IDELAYCTRL RDY signal has been included in the IDELAYCTRL RST generation logic.
 * Use inferred rather than instanced block RAM in the FIFO of the example design.
 * The transmit FIFO of the example design has been enhanced to drop very short undersized frames.  This protects against a potential address mis alignment condition.  Please refer to AR 56267.
 * Added support for the out of context flow.
 * Added support for Cadence IES simulator.
 * Added support for Synopsys VCS simulator (post synthesis or post implementation Verilog simulation flows only).
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation.
 * Shortened directory and file names of source files to help reduce overall path length.
 * When a Vivado project is targeted at either the KC705 of AC701 evaulation boards, a new Board GUI tab will appear to allow the user to connect the core to the on-board Ethernet PHY.
 * Updated the XDC constraints appropriately for any applicable version 8.0 change and to match the latest recommendations.
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator by including additional bus I/F definitions and clock frequency metadata.
 * For IP Integrator, previous bus I/F names have been renamed for consistency.  Upgraded IP Integrator designs using this core will require reconnection of the Bus I/Fs.

2013.2_AR57446:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 1)
 * For a VHDL project, the ipif_pkg has had its package name corrected to include the Component Name as a prefix. This will prevent package name conflicts between multiple cores in a single design.  Please refer to AR 57377.
 * For a Verilog project using the configuration_vector, fixed an HDL syntax error in the block level wrapper on a component instantiation and added associated missing XDC constraint syntax.  Please refer to AR 56625.
 * For MII, when using the AXI4-Lite management interface without Statistics, four unnecessary  lines of XDC syntax have been removed from a core constraint file.  These four lines previously caused critical warnings (which could be safely ignored).  Please refer to AR 57440.

2013.2:
 * Version 7.0
 * Supported Virtex-7 and Artix-7 parts moved to production status.
 * AXI-Lite address bus port width has been reduced so that only the lower address bits in use remain.
 * rx_mac_aclk and tx_mac_aclk clock outputs are now present for all core permutations.
 * Updated the XDC constraints to the latest recommendations.
 * Added a default case to the next state decoding in the AXI-Lite slave attachment block.
 * Enhanced example design and demonstration test bench to illustrate frame filtering.
 * Added support for IP Integrator.

2013.1:
 * Version 6.0
 * Supported Kintex-7 parts moved to production status.
 * speedis10100 and speedis100 outputs now present for all parameterizations.
 * tx_axis_mac_tuser is now defined as std_logic_vector for all VHDL parameterizations.
 * Added IP example design support for the Artix AC701 board.

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2014 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
